well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna answer
three questions that keep popping up the
first is is the president impeached he
was acquitted is he still in Peach
president is he still in a peach
president the next is can the
Republicans expunge his impeachment and
then the third is can the House impeach
him again okay so as far as is he an
impeached president yes he will always
be an impeached president the acquittal
doesn't matter when it comes to whether
or not he was impeached if you want
evidence of this you have to go no
further than any article detailing the
history of impeachment in the United
States who are the impeach President
Andrew Johnson in 1868 in Bill Clinton
in 1998 Nixon actually wasn't impeached
he resigned while there was an
impeachment inquiry going on so he
wasn't impeached but Clinton and Johnson
both were and they're mentioned right
both of them were acquitted it doesn't
matter
he's still going to be an impeached
president forever that never that's
never going to change now to the idea
that the Republicans will retake the
house at some point and expunge his
impeachment yeah I mean they can do that
there's nothing prohibiting that in the
Constitution but I don't know what
they're gonna expunge it from this isn't
a criminal proceeding it you know it's
not like when you go in to apply for a
job there's a box to check have you ever
been impeached the record of this is
American history I would suggest given
the fact that there are many people who
believe Republicans engaged in a
cover-up
the idea of expunging and getting it out
of the house record I would suggest that
that would just further the notion that
Republicans are engaging in a cover-up
more importantly it's not going to take
it out of the history
it's just gonna add a footnote he was
impeached and then when Republicans
retook the house they expunged it off of
something but it's not going to take it
out of the history books we aren't quite
that totality Rhian yet you can't edit
history this happened okay
can they impeach him again can the house
impeach him again yes yes somebody's
going to say double jeopardy first this
isn't a criminal proceeding the
president is not being held at life and
limb in fact let's say that he was
impeached and convicted there's a
passage in the Constitution that allows
him to still be tried in a criminal
proceeding so I would not suggest that
double jeopardy applies on that I think
that they may have to impeach him for
something else they I don't think they'd
be able to do abuse of power again they
would have to impeach him for something
else however understand the house can
impeach him for literally anything and
when I say that I don't think people
understand the house can impeach him for
literally anything they can impeach him
for wearing a tan suit or for wearing
too much bright and either one the house
can impeach for anything
the house has sole power over
impeachment it's that simple they don't
actually have to allege a crime if there
is a crime a high-crime misdemeanor
bribery treason they're listed in the
Constitution it is the Senate's
obligation to remove the president if he
is found guilty or she is not guilty so
yes they can impeach him again now
people are going to say well that's
partisan yeah it is it's the lower house
the the house is not even in the
Constitution the house is doesn't even
have to be under oath during impeachment
proceedings the witnesses are but the
House members armed way gets to the
Senate
then in the Constitution that says
they'll be under oath so I would suggest
as far as constitutionally the real
question here is were senators impartial
did they fulfill their constitutional
obligation I would suggest that given
the fact that some of them said yeah he
was guilty but we still voted not guilty
that they probably weren't I would
suggest that many announced their
verdict before the proceeding started
that they did not fulfill their
constitutional obligations I would say
that was a miscarriage of the
Constitution all of this is very very
simple if you actually read the
Constitution it's as far as impeachment
goes there might be four or five hundred
words on it max it's not a long read you
can go to different websites and search
for the word impeachment you can find it
the whole document isn't that long and
as many of the people who are making
these claims fashioned themselves as
Patriots I would suggest you take the
time to read it because you look kind of
silly to be honest this isn't arguable
I'm not arguing these points I'm
explaining why you're wrong because
there's there's no argument to be had
here it's black and white anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night